README.md, before:

## What this is

this shows how to use netlify with just plain html js and css, together with netlify functions.

## How to use (1 click)

Click this to fork and deploy
[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/netlify-labs/vanilla-html-example)

## How to use (manual)

Clone or fork this repo, link to a git host (like GitHub or GitLab), and deploy to Netlify at https://app.netlify.com

## How to use (Netlify Dev)

Make sure you have the latest CLI version:

```bash
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

then:

```
git clone https://github.com/netlify-labs/vanilla-html-example # or clone your own fork of this repo
cd vanilla-html-example
netlify dev
```

and develop away! use `netlify functions:create` to scaffold new functions as needed

To deploy:

```
netlify init
# optionally do a preview deploy: netlify deploy
# or straight to prod: netlify deploy --prod
```

If you have an existing Netlify instance you want this code to take over, use `netlify link` instead.

You can check your login status with `netlify status`, and also check out the [browser extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/netlify-browser-extension/dkhfpnphbcckigklfkaemnjdmghhcaoh?hl=en-US) and [menubar app](https://github.com/stefanjudis/netlify-menubar).

Commit message:

v1.0.0 (#2)
* update index css

* update readme and link to code

* copyedit

* clear flash hash

* UX-115 restyles slack signup page

* Update netlify.toml

* Include twitter card details in head

* testing for absolute path

* fixes a missing quote

* fixes ogtype value

* added https://community.fauna.com/ as absolute path

* Fix typo faunas to fauna's

* Updates twitter card with Join-slack-v2.png

* restyles page and adds discourse link

* switch out twitter card

* twitter card updated

* update twitter description

* modify description word

* update page title

* Improve reference to forums

* Add files via upload

Co-authored-by: Chris Anderson <chris@fauna.com>
Co-authored-by: Summer Schrader <summer@Summers-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: swyx <shawnthe1@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Sheeba Abraham <sheeba@isheeba.com>
Co-authored-by: Sheeba Abraham <sheeba.abraham@velotio.com>
Co-authored-by: Summer Schrader <n400@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ben Weinstein <benweinstein@Thomass-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Ben <benjitsu@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

## What this is

A Slack invite generator service for Fauna's community Slack. You can use it for any Slack you are logged into as an admin by provisioning your own SLACK_LEGACY_TOKEN (and redesigning the `index.html` page). Set this environment variable in your Netlify control panel.

This app shows how to use Netlify with just plain html js and css, together with Netlify functions.

## How to use (1 click)

Click this to fork and deploy
[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/fauna/public-slack-invite)

## How to use (manual)

Clone or fork this repo, link to a git host (like GitHub or GitLab), and deploy to Netlify at https://app.netlify.com

## How to use (Netlify Dev)

Make sure you have the latest CLI version:

```bash
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

then:

```
git clone https://github.com/fauna/public-slack-invite # or clone your own fork of this repo
cd vanilla-html-example
netlify dev
```

and develop away! use `netlify functions:create` to scaffold new functions as needed

To deploy:

```
netlify init
# optionally do a preview deploy: netlify deploy
# or straight to prod: netlify deploy --prod
```

If you have an existing Netlify instance you want this code to take over, use `netlify link` instead.

You can check your login status with `netlify status`, and also check out the [browser extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/netlify-browser-extension/dkhfpnphbcckigklfkaemnjdmghhcaoh?hl=en-US) and [menubar app](https://github.com/stefanjudis/netlify-menubar).
